The flood files numbers missing – when shall we know that nature knows no kings – as a nationalist - I see mostly everyone, being it in any form, as it is not that it only in sync with nation, but to anything that he was committed in psych manner, can do, kill anything for the sake of superiority, that the truth is killed too, and in the imagery superiority, he boat rows smoothing, believing there is no such a strom, or thunder existing, rowing on the shore, and using guidelines as the shadow of the cliffs. And the world knows that she voted twice, and the proof can be given, whereas who is able to hide the truth. 

Who is this ? He was in the mood of returning back to work. From celebration. Who knows anything in the early morning. The birds are excited, but scared of living in the city. It is a scary place for all beings out there. The cows, dogs, cats, rats, roaches, birds, humans. Here comes a nationalist with the superiority in his mind. I’m a judge and I can tell from his speeding ticket last month which fined 2000, that his pride is to suppress others. And with the intention that the rules are for those who fear, and for him, nothing matters. His peddle was on the floor around early morning, where those pigeons on top of the pole, scattered, after hearing a thud, and it was huge that it cost two lives, of one who was walking to his work from home after celebrating rakshabandan. Who knows, the morning holds. The white thar spitting with blood, and the driver was on a drug, that he doesn’t care even after sober. Two lives are gone, and he cared. It is a scary place for all being out here.  

And what else, they, he, made them, promoted them, to make people, they won.  

The world know, you know, me know, they know, that they know, all these dramas, waiting for some heck ups, and bam, the opposition stands there to protest, slogans, and march, and the media rush to promote these nonsense world wide, that they know, we know, that they know it is a mental prey, that the wait is over and now the time to gulp this full goat for a month, and stay fainted there, at the corner of the parliament street for a month like an anaconda.  

And what is love ? They know, and they are caught, and it was the local panchayat, which was the representative of the village, was in the middle, enquiring about it, turns out to be a different caste and where has the sense gone ? Why was this being enquired in the first palace ? We are talking in parliaments and stuff, the future of India, and this defines that only when this is rectified, then the high level of a nation can be considered to be on the right path. And here again, it was decided to call off, and the guy was out of the village, untroubling the girl, it didn’t last. What is love ? Later a few days later, he again in touch, this time, a blackmail, with her photographs, seeing for money and dowry, not having a guts to tell his desire, yet blames it as a dowry, and without that, the marriage is impossible, he pressured her. She pressured herself, and later she died. What is love ?  

And won’t it be noted ? That even at some rooted place, where still roads has not been in place, yet the banks and cellular towers were installed, and there, it took 2 km for a family to carry a pregnant lady for a labour, and in the mid, under the tree, she gave birth, and post all the ceremonies, the ambulance people reached by walk, and took the lady to the hospital. He still speaks the truth that it is 79th independence day, and our condition hasn't changed a bit, we tribals were not exposed to the government, yet the panchayat building was painted in pink, with all the leaders who helped the nation, but not us. He said in anger. The people at the bottom have a good mind set, but it is not with them, the so-called superior.  

I sent this to her.  
I roamed for a while. had egg masala and romali roti. Had tea. Walked a long. The traffic was heavy. It is not raining. And people crossing the little temple are praying no matter how busy their lives are. I thought about you. We will connect soon and explore this world. I want to send you physical letter, but still India post is not up to the point that i still have not got my trust to send some of my inner wordings. I read that near Hyderabad, a village called Munni nayak, still has not got any road. A lady who was in labor, was taken, carried, and she gave birth under the tree. Just thought of saying so. My headaches. I think I need to wear specs.  

Hyderabad, August 12, 2025.  