If there is nothing to do, walk. And I left the room in the evening. Crossing Ghouse, and there, an old man, was feeding the pigeons. Hundreds of them. And there was a sudden intense RX 100 acceleration, and they were flying to save themselves from the hunter, and aligned themselves on top of the electric wires. People watching this get excited and photographed the scene, that the pigeon wasn’t aware that the humans are admiring their frightenedness. They must have criticised our taste and who knows, some might have laughed at us. I was one among them to photograph and got criticised. I’m glad for it.  

And everything reflects our inner self, if it is in touch with art. Clearly the goddess looks distressed, and I suspect it was the artist who really was, and who knew his troubles on that day, which was chosen to carve this beautiful painting on the wall. I admired it. And no matter what, it is pleasure for the drivers that scars the pedestrians. I got scared by one of the rude drivers. I admire him as well.  

Not sure, may be because of the pigeons on the wire, post that, I was watching and admiring those electric wire on different corners and stuff, standing invisibly, its roots are painted in red with paan masala, somehow, it as always crooked, tented, rubbed my millions, sensed by rats somedays, the earth might have passed, withstand for all climates, seen sudden floods, plucked all of sudden and killed and reprocessed them somewhere else or who know, they might be used to design a space craft. And these poles and wires has a beauty that it gets revealed in the evening, where the sky is orangish, and the streets lights are slowing turned on, all those cars head and rear lights are decorating the streets and road, the shop name boards glitters and it is the celebration for all these poles daily, and they enjoy the day end with some pleasant view. Though no one cared about their happiness, I was one who admired them. I’m glad.  

The handicapped cat was looking for a rat on the roots of these poles. The poles have a lot of stories to tell. They have CCTV. Watching all the activities. The Big Brother. Maybe we should give respect to the poles. Or not ? Isn’t The Big Brother a villain in 1984 ? However, I admire The Big Brother.  

GAME SET MATCH.   

