Something gets unclear and you are put in a position that you are not known of that fact, and if at all you could able to grasp the intention and expectation, that the opposite is expecting, then it would strike a gold, but most of the time it was left open ended that I was not in a place to listen to what they actually saying and what they actually want. This happened a week back during an interview call with an IT firm. It was a normal one, I was confident enough on the technical part, and I was worried about the non tech where I was put in a position that I was not good at. Managing a team and a project is something I was not very good at, yet I was boasting so much in this interview that the fact got twisted and I was labelled to be the one who knows nothing in the project, yet managed well with wording and stuff which I was too bad at. My intention was not to gain attention, seek popularity, or gain any benefit. It is just to, I want to do my task, which I like the most, to do web development, and I alway glad to be one. And it is not only this skill that makes you survive in the IT firm, that you need to know how this world is functioning. I am bad at this as well. I go in my way of functioning rather than how it is. Coming to the interview part, I failed to recap the Unit test cases. Somehow I configured the Jest and React testing library in my current project and I was hoping to explain the same to Mani who was the interviewer for me. However, he was asking me, what was the first step we do when writing unit test cases. And I was telling him to mock the json. I was stressing the Mock there, that I wanted to convey that I meant that most of the external factors are to be mocked but I was not clear and He took it in a wrong way. I too was not sure at that time, that I had just started writing a few test cases, a basic one. And I didn’t get any reply from them after that. I got rejected. 

Today, I learned that we just mock, as I said before, those external stuff which are not part of the logic which the component holds. The idea is just to focus on the logic, not the functional or the flow of the application. With that in mind, I mocked almost all my dependencies today, the Modal, react-redux, useSelector, the utils, constant and stuff. And we mimic the timer and stuff. This is something I realised that we just focus on the logical part, not everything else. Something to apply in everything. 
