I love Jasmine. Have you seen a young couple, rolled out over the  Jasmine garland? I still remember the events of marriage. Jasmine. Hangs top of the head. The first thing the ladies of the place ask is of Jasmine. The day before the event, the most severe concern of the family is to get Jasmine to be made available for the ladies at the event. It is a stainless plate of oval, the borders are decorated, and still the centre has the red sticker, the brand name, was once tried to peeled from the edge, but it was highly resistive to get parted, and hence left as it is, and it marks a true love story. Humans' natural tendency is to let things off if it is not in place, but that is not in the case of love/marriage. The plate is filled with Jasmine. Below it, if one check for the black shiny hair pin, one might get it for sure or not, takes one, move it to the mouth, split opens it, and parallely an event of eyes picking up the best Jasmine from the plate,  taken to the back of the head, positioned, and by this time, the hair pin that has opened its space, gets ready to be filled up with the hair, along with the Jasmine. Once it is placed well, the pin’s mouth gets closed, and rechecked for the finement, and without any closure, the soul with the ecstasy, enquiries the good and bad stuff to the people, found in front, and checks whether their heads has been Jasmined or not, and based on that, the ceremony of Jasmine continues. The space is filled with Jasmine. The couple are Jasmine for the day. The stage was decorated with Jasmine. The top roof is filled with Jasmine. The little girls are tagged with Jasmine. It was only men who were not having Jasmine, but they were indulged  into it. Like how bees stuck on the honeys and died, the men died for the day. Jasmine has a power that could balance the chaotic event of the day. The families are in a tense of ego clash, relative gossip, and stuff, yet indirectly Jasmine lifts their moods up. The priest of the event gives a special credit to Jasmine. The garland was always on the bridge and groom. It is their day. And as a kid I remember that when a plate of Jasmine, mixed with other stuff is taken to a viewer, that indicates, the marriage is about to happen. There is pleasure in getting the Jasmine, and the people eagerly wait to throw it on the couple. And this is the main part of the marriage, even the couple  gets ready to witness the place where they are shown with love and Jasmine. The priest controls this event. Sometimes he indicates that the groom is going to knot it off. But it was for some other rituals. And slowly the hype is created and it gets in full intense when he signals the nathaswaram, and mela people to play the unique rhythm, that tells the entire crowd, that the couple is going to get married, that the knot has been planned now, that the crowd stands up, hold the Jasmine, and bless the couple and when the knotting is in the progress, the Jasmine was  showed and the three knots are in place, and the parent, close relative, close people, who were waiting to witness such event , might drop little droplet on the corner of their eyes, give a long breathe, and that marks an end of such a long time of match making, that it is now done and dusted, that going forward it is the couple’s stuff to live and face the days together. In the endless garden of flowers, he always picks her, Jasmine.  


