The end of the book always created a void, 
and the thoughts that are lights, always accumulated there, and navigated along with it for a while and settled down and waited for the next course of action. I was lying there, not sure what happened. I heard crowded, murmur, and the flowers being poured over me and stuff. The darkness was still dominant and a faint memory that lurks here and there. This sounds familiar to me, and yet I can feel the hatred. Who are these people anyway ? I was left under the thatched, and given food two times a day. Later, when I woke up on the street, my heart ached. I wasn’t in hunger, yet, I can’t sit up, and realise a thing. It was too bright all of sudden. I rolled left and right, and it was good. I could see only the blue sky up, and my dehydrated lip seeking for a grey cloud to pour over me. My hair was thick, and my clothes were dirty and smelly. I was not sure where I’m and my last memories were under the thatched, having food for the afternoon. And here under the bright sunny morning. Someone threw some coins over me, in and around. I realised, I was begging for some time, and I should let my body and mind continue, and I didn't remember how it all happened, and stuff. With the partial realisation, I grabbed the bag, twisted it with the bed spread, and it was too heavy to take it for a beg. I left it there. I was walking barefoot, and my unshaven beard were so sticky and the sweat were doing some composition, and As I was taking few step, and suddenly blackness, with firecracker on the dark sky, and people are celebrating the new year eve, and the dogs got scared of this, and running for their life. The birds were frightened too, and were hoping for the night or so to get done, for a normal day and night. And I was like a log there, and someone sprayed water over my face, and held my head, and was giving me a bottle of water. It was so soothing, and at that moment, all the darkness disappeared, the dog and the bird were back to normal, it is like fast forwarding to skip all the bad stuff and stuff. I could hear a voice inquiring about me. I stay there silent. Nothing comes to my mind to reply as well as I don't have the strength to open my mouth to keep him shut. The time passed, and I was left there with  strength, not sure how, it was dusk, and I realised, I was a beggar, and trying to stand again, and I was clueless where I left my belongings. I went through the street, and people were slowly gathering in the streets, as if they were released from a prison, and the red dunes were becoming dark, and the street shops were decorated with the bright lights. I started begging those shops and houses that were placed in between the patterns. Most people looked at me pathetic. I didn't care. But I was not like this before. At times, when people refuse to give stuff, and if I was in a frenzy, I try to snatch it from them forcefully, or sometimes behave rudely and frighten them, for a time meal. It all happens unconsciously, that I wonder from where the strength comes, where I hadn’t eaten for days. Somehow I get food to eat, and I act like a madman. I know my limit is that they let me leave after I get my food. And stuff like that. I went to the dunes. I know this place. I used to go and pluck almonds, open the shell and taste them. I like the almond tree. It was fenced and I felt like a home. I set up a tree house, and slept the night there, mostly unsleep, thinking nothing, yet sometime, brooding over the past, how rude I was, and how I hurted my sons and daughters, and stuff  and no one was with me to share the tree house. I want to see my daughter before I die. I hear the nighty noise, of different birds and stuff, and random motor honks, and I wish to get rid of these people, and stay in silence to have my sleep. But I can’t. I’m like a domesticated animal, who seeks survival in and around man’s community. I can’t survive in the forest like a rat. He can survive anywhere, I have no guts like him. I'm a coward that I only knew how to live when I was an adult. As I age, I feared, and sought dependency. Seek and you shall receive is a lie. I didn’t sleep much. And I feel the faint smell again. I don’t like it. The drums play there, and people cry. For god sake why can’t you allow me to sleep. For I’m not a madman anymore, leave me at peace. I said. None listened. And as the time goes, more people came, and the same wailing. It made me uncomfortable. And all of sudden, I was put on a nice bed. Decorated, but I had the flower smell anyway. Whey can’t they remove it. I was saying it loud and clear yet they didn't listen to me. Why should they, did I ever listen to them ? I never listened to my children. I simply said some stuff to skip the conversation, yet they had it in their mind, and I was, like when did I say that and so on and on. I skipped this nonsense. And as I didn't get sleep for the night, I was closing my eyes and listening to the other stuff, it was mainly filled with people's chaos. I stopped hearing them. And they took my bed. It was a procession, and people were taking me to the dunes. And I was seeing firecrackers again. I insist them to stop, that the dogs and the birds are frightened but none listened. I let them do it anyway. I was too weak to speak after that. I was staying there, doing nothing, and letting them do whatever they want, and it felt good. Like a log on the river, just flowing on the street and stuff. I was there eating my afternoon food in my hut, and now as a log on the street and stuff. And slowly they were taking me out of the town, and those people who fed me were watching, pathetically and stuff. I still remember those madness. I was apologising mutely as I don’t have strength to open up my mouth. There, the dunes made the journey hard and the swing was like a baby lullaby, how my mother used to make me sleep over the almond tree. Though I didn't remember, I still can feel it. It was like that, I was lullaby by a bunch of people. And slowly, I was brought into the same almond tree, where I was lullabied. I was watching everyone, like I watched my mother, with the excitement, smile and stuff, and as a return, she smiled back at me that  elevated the excitement into double. I felt the same way. I was dropped into the earth, and I was watching them, smiling, but I got a cry as a return. And it became dark and I slept nice and sound there under the almonds tree where I was having a sleepless night in my tree house.  
