Just watched Fallen Leaves by Aki Kaurismäki,
and I must say that he has become my favorite director. The minimalistic way, with short dialogue yet powerful, and the beautiful composition, was doing something in me, that without being aware of the director, I started liking his work. And recently, I searched for his details and found interesting, and most of his work I’ve already watched and have given five stars in Mubi. For me it is either giving full star or not giving at all. Nothing in between. And this also gives me a different feeling that, so far, all those movies which portray the impact of war are to be periodic ones. We were not part of those wars, and we use it to feel for them which was not felt. However, here, the movie, parallelly, was broadcasting a radio that emits the news of Ukraine war and stuff, and the couple, in middle of this dirt, seeking for love. It was too good to watch till the end, I didn’t get bored a bit, and something was there that makes stuff so nice. That is the stuff of an artist right. That is Aki I would say. And stuff like that. 
It was burning for 5 mins. Man, in the name of amusement, will always disturb the public. The amusement, in one point of view, can be put that it is to show others that he is happy and vibing to his life. Maybe there is nothing to talk about. It is right for him, hence he is doing so. But why we can’t say Russia the same thing? Can we talk nothing of that? Maybe here comes the picture, that I was put in that, it was right to keep opinion on others, sometime, if it is intolerable. So we can put like, it is not the disturbance as a whole, but the level of it, and can say how long we can tolerate the stuff he is doing to amuse himself and disturb others. Kind of it is amusement to Russia right? And it is not disturbance direct to me, but indirectly I’m incapable of tolerating this stuff happening in the world. I’m not sure the background of the war and stuff. When it was started, all the right were against the war. They opposed it and they wailed the cruelty of the country. The right is ruling the nation now. They are in positive connection with Russia. And they now support Russia which contradicts their initial emotion of this series of events. This goes like this.
