It is like the numbness and the pain. The worm too felt the same, and would have come out of the mud, that is filled with water, with an inability to breathe, seek an empty space for its life, and get caught in the hands of the human. Tirunelveli’s sand is heavy. It becomes hard clay, it resists passing the water down, and stuff. And the worms are the ones who get caught in this melodrama. I too had severe pain, so I did my root canal procedure, an inability to speak or eat normally for the past few days. The days are filled with rain and moodiness covers you all around. As I feel the pain, I like to rest, but those four tablets for morning and night gave me all the energy needed for a decade. With that I could write test coverage and stuff; then my creative stuff to focus got mad. With this, I can get the energy, but not the focus. I can scroll the phone, but can’t read a page. I can’t take the rest, and I open and code and work, but for the creative mind, it keeps low. It is the fourth day, and the pain seems to be mild but heavy at the same time. They came for their daughter’s marriage, and invited. I liked how their invitation didn’t include their relative stuff, and was put as generic praise notes. But prejudices got rooted there and delivered its fruit there. Diwali was dull. Spoiled by the rain. Had only the night crackers, and it gives some smile. The terrace was fully ruined. Who’s gonna clean them all? It is I, but still haven’t. It was the first day after Diwali, and most of the folk are out. So was the work too. I did my stuff and left it. Niche was deployed to GitHub Pages, which is good. Notebook failed, and it was fixed too. Niche got its menu added. It is kind of nice to use single stuff for all, and notebook was one such stuff, where it has all that I need and will improve in the future. I added pacman game, but it wasn’t what I expected. Anyway, it was there; anytime I can improve it. All happened because of AI, and I would like to thank it at this time, for the solo devs like me, it did pave a bigger way, to explore and do stuff. The GitHub Copilot free trial ends in 1 day, not sure how much they will charge. I know it is 899 something, which is good. I would like to purchase it. I’m in this field, and I would like to purchase it. Why was it not in the first place to buy anything? If it improves your career, it should be brought with the price, I would say. And the teeth still burn and pain. But that’s fine. The tablets still didn’t start to work. But I felt it is slowly starting though. I like the way that Niche was integrated with Notebook. I read a few stuff today. The cracker that emitted the fake currency notes. I stuck them in my journal. I wrote about them too. The glue is too glue. The ear plug. The baby’s shoes. It is left as it is, not meant for the real show. It is always like that. The stuff is decided on what and all should be there on the platform, and what not. Crazy world, isn’t it. And they look for stuff to share, like a writer, who looks for stuff, to publish. Everyone does the same, but in a different form and medium. I journal, some post as reels to the world. Crazy people. My throat aches. My heart too, when I saw those two mosquitoes on my girl’s leg, sucking that blood for an hour. She signaled, but I wasn’t listening. I must learn to listen. Half-closed eyes. And why care about others’ negativity? It is just we want the stuff, to know about our enemy, to degrade them, or to make us happy, that they are the degraded ones. It’s all about that. Both left and right. No one is willing to talk about this. I too. There are days where I used to talk, degrading others. Now, I know, it is the same for all the sides. The energy can’t be created or destroyed.
