I was testing outtutitoeiwuskdljfsdkjkxcvkskdfjs.  

What would be the reasons behind it? The day is quite bad. Who is responsible for that ? Who are you fooling around ? America is a gangster, and the country should wage war against them and shut them down. Why still keep if the mentality is condescending ?  Isn’t it the reason for wars these many years ? Why shut down ? What fears ? Once the weapon was used to frighten others and take control over it, now the same weapon evolves with humans, and it does frighten him, that if he goes for a war, it is he who destroys. This time, the blood shed is not with the kings or queen or ministers or knights or soldiers, but with everything of itself and the planet. And without land and people, who will he rule ? His pride needs to be recognized, else he is nothing.  

Weapon, weapon, weapon, we a pon. Pon, in reggae, “on” is casually prefixed with p, Pon di road, and we on the road. Where ? Road to heaven ?   

Pon - in japan - the sound of tapping something lightly.  

TAP SOMETHING LIGHTLY  
That wall belongs to the 90s, and stays strong and it was painted green with algae.  
With that a new thing was installed, and the pipes and cups and holes.  
It was a shower that sprays rainy droplet,  
That taps lightly on to the head of the baby.  
The mother holds the baby lightly and shows to the grace of the newly installed shower.  
The baby laughs lightly.  
It lightens the heart.  
Lightly.  

The crown was made of paper, and she is with the cardigan.  
Those dark hairs squirrel over her outer face and neck and compete with the shadows of her body.  
Those breath of the country lightly touches the head,  
That made it dance and in complete with the branches of banyan.  
And there comes a monkey, sits on to her right shoulder,  
And everyone laughs and sings and dances there in rhythm,  
That it lights the heart.  
Lightly.  

Me and jack kerouac are same.  
That I don't care if jack disagrees,  
I agree and say in his face,  
Disagree.  
Lightly.  
