I knew it was going to die.The millipede smells distinct and severe, and it took me back to my childhood days, when we used to watch those tiny legs moving on the surface, wondering how it worked and stuff. It was Deepavali time, and I was a cruel kid. When you disturb a millipede, it rolls and secures itself from harm. I inserted a cracker in the middle of the roll and blasted it into pieces. Its smell is distinct and severe. I don’t know where they hide, but as the monsoon hits, tons of millipedes roam on the roads. Some mate in cozy places. I’ve seen only two of its sizes, small and big. Haven’t seen any of varied sizes. There might be different species in the millipede family, but I was talking about the one which is black, with all its leg tips painted yellow, which is pleasant to watch as they move. I took the bike and headed out. As I opened the gate, I saw a millipede caught in the middle of it, and it got cut into two pieces. The frontal part was trying to move away from the incident, and the other half turned upside down. Its multitude of legs were crawling, facing the sky, which was too sunny and revealed all its details. One of its thorns was broken. Not sure what use it had, but with the one remaining, it waved and tried to move forward. The center part, where it got crushed, was filled with ants of different categories, eating it alive. I could smell it. It was distinct and severe.I looked for a stone, put it on top of the millipede, crushed it till it died, and fed it to the ants.
