He who puts a smile on others gets their grieving in exchange, 
that nothing can be created or destroyed; it has been in transit for millions of years. It was created at a time, and from then onwards, it has been in transit; people keep on passing over others and stuff. The birth of the child holds their father’s and mother’s stuff, or the child may transfer back to them. It is not necessary that one has to be forcefully held on to it. It can be transferred too. And that is how the stuff of the high transfers the stuff of unwillingness to the low. The low hold all the negative shade, whereas the high hold on to the black. He transfers all the blackness from it and forces you to have it, thus he can look white. He is not willing to be white. For those who are willing to become white are those who know how to get rid of the black, though. And rid is something of not minding it. It is just there, but unnoticed, and hence gotten rid of. Some force it on others, some volunteer to have it, some keep it themselves, some ignore it. Thus the black is all that matters. For the white is powerless without the black.

It is like that, and yeah, it’s all settled for today. Won’t it be bad if we use it for personal? Don’t do it if it is bothering you. And was out for a doc appointment. Went well. And if you see them, they do it for fun. At some point, if you feel like god, you won’t behave like a god. And it is nothing that the world that holds and is transferred, that was created by man. Yes, some, as all creation is rooted in nature, but not in the mindset of patenting and bringing it to the coming ages in an intentional way. The transfer should happen naturally, not a man-made one. Who is that person who thought to wear a dhoti? Who was that guy who thought of doing so and so. They didn’t do it for publicity or have an intention that it would last longer for ages, that people will be wearing a dhoti. But that might be some random act of covering the private part, which seemed to be a practical solution, and thus people might have followed naturally, not an intention to make people do it in a way they planned and executed. If it doesn’t make any sense, it won’t last long. It dies. People populate with sensible substance, from dhotis to the ashes on their forehead.

And he was enquiring about stuff. I was also. Without the logs, it is a little hard. And yes, it takes time, and thus waiting for it. This was my first seeking of a log. I once felt I might be kind of rude in conversation. But if you read it light, it feels light. All in the eyes and the way we see. And the second half was a struggle to get focus, and it was lost anyway. And what was all the noise about the gym? Was it finalised? Let it be. Every time, we were in conversation with some stuff. I’m trying to listen, but it never ends like that. It was like that such stuff, that there was constant blaming of oneself. Have we ever thought of doing anything to us, a wrong? We made everything with our utmost consciousness and sensibility, that it was what we decided and did, and now, in the future, you are questioning your past decision. No matter what, that is what you will be taking, and deal with it. Just read a niche.  

"This is one more piece of advice I have for you: don't get impatient. Even if things are so tangled up you can't do anything, don't get desperate or blow a fuse and start yanking on one particular thread before it's ready to come undone. You have to realize it's going to be a long process and that you'll work on things slowly, one at a time." - Haruki Murakami


What he said is right. Right, right?  


80% prosperity, and 20% is at risk. I don’t see anything, as such, that the bots can replace humans. Humans can’t. Why do humans fear bots? Humans fear that this is the first time in history that something outperforms them. So far, we are at the top level, and we know everything; as far as they know, all the other stuff is below them. Viz. the animal kingdom stuff. And it was in history that, for the first time, man-made stuff was directly not in control, whereas it improvised on its own. The fear is of the capability: that the bot can improve on its own, that he doesn’t know what the outcome of the improvisation is. History taught us that, if a king outperforms the other, the bloodshed happens. And it was the same, as it is fear between the traditional survival of the fittest. One catch here is that the bot is not by nature. And something that is man-made always seems to be out of control, and it will be against nature. Nature gives everything a man needs. Then man won’t depend on another man. To make him depend, he made stuff, deleting the existence of nature, and thus we are in an era that fully depends on man-made stuff, and the bot too is one among them. It’s all out of hand; let the bot decide how it can behave, whether it needs democracy or bloodshed.  


"People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent." - Bob Dylan.  


80.8% complete (294/365 days, 71 remaining)   


I’ve sought, asked, why they can’t improve the CSS and HTML stuff, so that everyone can have one framework and build the UI—the universal one. And it was not like that, that the initial HTML and CSS were used everywhere, and they should carefully upgrade their properties, so that they still stick with the plain back stuff that lets them paint whatever they want, like a canvas. That is something to notice, that it is like a language, untouched, yet it evolves over a period of time.  


“A man who has seen suffering; a man not like other people; he has something to be melancholy about.” - the devil, dostoyevsky 
