Grudge ? The world is occupied with stuff that makes people do “What to think” rather than “How to think” as rightly put in “Liella’s brother” and here, the grudge with the shop owner, in this competitive world. People forgot about the tactics and healthiness, rather, they took reference of the fictional work, and blind killed, and the consequence of it may lead directly opposite to the reason behind. If you want to become a billionaire, become one. Nothing gonna help, in killing the competitor, that it completely destroys one. And the shocking part is that this is four people's job, that they planned, and killed this guy near the railway station and the accused were caught red handed, that now there is no such thing called competitive world for them. But why ? What is the use of this nonsense I ask. Yes, It is not with the competitive world. We are pulling everything in the single point of view. Maybe his world is to act in such a way, and he took the shop as a reason behind it. He quarrel, he gets tenses, he gets drunk at night, discuss with his folks, plan, resist to forget, and avoid letting things out, that it might reduce the severity of the vengeance, and finally, it is the whole body and mind which worked for it, got a chance and executed. Maybe this is what he wants. To acquire the feeling of killing a person. He felt it. It is far superior than being a billionaire. He touches a place where very few have reached. And not even a cinema conveyed these emotions and feelings, yet he acquired it. Maybe he can sleep smoothly and sound. Who knows.  

Hyderabad, August 12, 2025. 
