They become vapour and are placed in front of the sick people’s noses and mouths, and as it sprays its smoke, it forms like a greyed moustache an old man has. It was like that. The clinic was crowded, as during this season, it seems to be a common occurrence that young people and little ones are the easy organisms to get attacked easily, and parents can’t sacrifice anything if it comes to babies; when the first cough reflects on the walls of their home, their thoughts fill with the mapping of reaching the clinic and stuff. There they went, and the little ones, by seeing others, had something triggered in their soul that reflected clearly in their wail. Some get amused by such a havoc, but some are the ones who actually get impacted and wail. It goes like that, and some parents, sick of waiting and being patient, were on the edge of their toes to pull into the doctor’s cabin, when they saw something like a family having a good chit-chat with the doctors about their personal lives. Their minds judge their standard, on how they can kill time like that, when people standing in queue, holding their sick ones, and it goes like that. And the old lady was rude. Everyone in the clinic.   

When you are in the middle of the road and with the intention to take a U-turn, it is at that time all the on-goers’ pleasure is to make it hard for that guy on the wheel taking the U-turn. What a pleasure it holds.  

All are talking about the bubble.  
Not the soapy one,  
But something with man-made intelligence.   
It is gibberish for us in the future,   
Learning at a low level is hard.   
One has to squint his eyes to see  
All those prompts, rolling it, gnarled it,  
And once it is burst, it is dandelion that  
We all seek for.  

And she was a sweet nightingale that none thought of to be MLA at the age of 25. Once was in the show along with her brothers and stuff, and now, what’s the fate that they gonna reach hereafter, that they already started using her old songs to connect two neighbours. People sort of mad at any given point.  
And somehow, it makes me to be humble. Kaantha was one such movie, I would say. Nice.  

It was strange sometimes that your intuition was telling you to buy something, that it was right at that moment, where it made sense that it is all happening for a reason. And it all goes, regretted for not getting the flight, but somehow used your brain to get the bus at midnight and stuff. It was a crazy ride. And the bus conductor was happy that at last he got a good ticket to hold on to. What the hell were they doing at Madurai for ¾ of the time? The mosquitoes, by that time, accumulated in the buses and started to take it over. And when the timing bus came, he scolded like anything and went out.  

I liked that hotel though. Though the same person was not there, it is likely the masters are the same. Near to Jio. Whenever I see Jio, I remember the incident where I got to know that BP is not Bharat Petroleum, but British Petroleum. Nowhere was it promoted, and thus I stopped putting the fuel until and unless it is an emergency.  

And those horses were running on the footer section. Nice.  

agents.md   

“We must try to grow up again and face what we have to face without being irritable or hurt that someone did not understand and appreciate.”   
– Ernest Hemingway
