Unliking it,stuff is a little hard there. The room is too stuffy today. The day is sunny as well. Yesterday night, I was watching those clouds, passing like a bus, when seen from a high hill. The city light and movement was in sync with the cloud. Either it is a hill or the 6th floor terrace, it lightens the heart. Watching the city, actively participating is a pleasure. I saw the dog, which was sleeping all day and night, roaming freely in the streets, seeking for the prey, less in fear of humans. I saw a video, where a dog is chasing a cow, and a fella comes in on a bike, with a rod, and beats up the dog, and it faints and lays on the spot, wailing, seeking help and stuff. It disturbed me. Similarly, few week back, I saw a similar stuff in a chinese movie, where, in a coal factory, a guy, loaded heavy, forced the horse to move, the incapable horse struggles, and made its action like moving, to get rid of the whip, and he was shot dead by the hero of the movie, where he already killed four people, who were scamming people, without providing the share that the village people were told when it was initiated. And killing the guy who whipped the horse actually made me like the movie. And stuff was like that. And later, the other day, I was wondering, by seeing this city trafics, moving cars, and heavy vehicle, the greediness of the human, to overload anything that benefit him, that if at all there ain’t a motors being invented, human would have made, reduced many numbers of creatures to be extinct. It is the one thing I liked about this development, even though I hate it for the other reason. Fake leather is good, but chagrin is bad. Capitalism can state such a statement, and seek money out of it. Like how apple, pointing out the environment crisis, removed the lighting cables and charger on the boxes, yet not reduced the price a bit . Everything has its own good and bad. On hearing mums does the washing by joshua idehen, reminds me, how everything sucks, yet its root cause was to make things work better. It is that they didn’t like the world, in their point of view, and people who are having the similar vision joins them, it becomes the world party, and at the end, its get corrupted, and both the members and the party people lost the memories associated with this movement, and again, at the end, capitalism plays the major role, that people indulge into the money and stuff and again, it becomes another useless movement, that just fills library, and history syllabus in school curriculum. One thing  is that the end result always leads to capitalism. And yeah, and coming to this, no can force anyone to be anything they wish to see. This is applicable to the individual, as well the community. Once they might have wished the world and people would like this and that that later they come to their original form, and without having the ability to remove the identity, they stick to it, but under the hood, they live some other life that was unique, obviously, and also it ends with capitalism. Those who praise wisdom and intellect too were part of it. And at the end, the one who becomes the capitalist, ignore the debut that involves capital, and focus on the area, where he can earn it, forgetting the morality, and the anti-capital fella, who know this immoral behaviour of the fellow people, and starts debating it, and he the capital liking fella, as a moral people, where everyone thought and thinks that he is one of those, nods to the opinion, and as stated before, the root cause will always be for a good cause, and as the opinion comes to conclusion, it becomes capitalism, and the capital seekers ignore the debate, and resume their strategy in seeking the capital and stuff. And the morally speaking and behavioring people are just a voice to them, and so after some time, it is realised to these people as well that it is just a voice, but the gap is that, they don’t become a capital seeker, and choose the path less travelled, loose their respect with the fellow people, but he takes the path and suffer for a his own truth. And one who was in the path, who was travelling, without tar road filled with stones and thorns, gets used to them, and as the time goes, his heads turn left and and right and up, and witness those sunshine and cactus, and nods to the people he sees in front, and his lips widens, realising the freeness he got, and for all season, and day and night, his walk accompany him, and he likes in this earth, doing his job, like how earth doing its role in this cosmic universe. And the role of men is to walk in bare foot, and if he does, he is one among those stones and torn, and his emotion is not to rebel against the throne for being too sharp, but understand the role of it, and move on, with the widened lips. They were fellow people, the torn and he.   

And it should not be considered funny. I wonder what made people keep the actors as their role models. I wonder how that happens, and it is awful when people are still following the same path, yet we think we are sensible people. It is not funny, that we people pay the ticket, watch their movies, give them profit in someway of other, that their worry is that they get less profit, that it was below than the expected number, but they gets plenty in numbers though, and with that, they exponentially earn by investing it, starting a restaurant, shops, cloths, and all essential product that people needed everyday’s life, suck every penny from them, bloated their stuff, yet they didn’t feel any pain, and people still admire them, earn and put on their feet, and as they bloats, they start a political party, and used the same dialogue writer from the industry, write a lengthy one, decide a right time to enter, convey as much as possible through their movie, keeping reference that they would be into the politics soon, that once it is choosen, a manadu, again, it is like a trailer of the movie material, and it gives people goosebumps, and with that mismerized feeling, the decided to vote for them in the next election, and some how the corrupted politcians and the cinema politicians brainwashes the people, and that if at all they vote for any qualified candidates, they were made fun for being so, and to avoid such a criticism, they cast for the cinema cum corrupted politicians, and for the next five years, they takes the social media to put their opinion, how horrible the government is. How horrible to realise this fact that for the next ten years, the chances of seeing a right candidate is less, and we can't change the people in any way, that it keeps on repeating and there was such an actor, who was telling the story to the people, that there was a king, who was seeking a knight, and ten were chosen and were asked to grow the nellu, and seeked the updation of it after three month of duration, and fast forward, the day comes, and out of ten, only one show the empty pot, saying it wasn’t growing in spite of watering and putting the nutrients material, and the king hugged and selected him as his knight, saying the nellu were boiled one, that it won’t grow no matter what you do, and moralling that the truth prevails and it matters, and metaphoring, that the people were the king, and requesting the king to choose the knights properly, and he is directly referring him as the knight in the story. It's not funny. And the hard truth is that, this time the election would be horrible like this story. And yet Tamil nadu is again the outcome of some dravidian moment that was created seeking goodness of the people, but now it lost its strength, and resulted in capitalism. No matter how good you are, if you want to survive for longer in the field, with respect and stuff, it has to be via the capital ideology. And people also admire the capital one. May the candidate be a corrupted one, like how Vikram in the movie Saamy, gets a bribe, and stays in the city to pluck evil out of it.  And again, coming to the leaders, who are from cine background, has the mindset that to pick up the ideology from the current trend, and the things which were created to remain unsolved, yet it was emotionally connected with the people for decades. Why katcha theevu was still into the discussion, when the war was happening, people of both the country, and the state, which was emotionally blackmailing the centre for years, lost its guts to raise a question against such an act, that even though the people of the state were much expecting and, I don’t want to continue this and hence stopping here.   

And stuff is not like that, and yes, she is expecting something, I know that there is expectation, but I'm not seeing it. Why is the reference always in a negative shade ? and why is there an accusation in the first place. I know this is going to come, and even the restriction fails there, and the emoting stuff is that tells to continue with the statement, and upon reaching it peak, the facts and spit out in the form of rudeness, and it's all the rudeness that is considered and not what is about to say. I'm kind of sick of this. Why is the story blackmailing ? There is no force in love. It is seeing as it is is what love implies. We miss to see it, and confuse it with the fantasy, the imaginary work, that doesn't exist, and forcing them to be part of and the expectation is to see the  love there. But the truth is we can’t see it there, but in reality, hiding across the paddy field, where from top it looks green and calm, yet if you dig deep, there might be snakes and insects, and its prey, forming an ecosystem, and all together is the part of the ecosystem. If plucking anything out of it is not part of it and there is no love without anger, rudeness, ego, jealousy, cunning, crying, and all the emotions of known and unknown.   
