I was listening to the sound around me.I realised that my listening is gone, that I was blabbering when something was discussed or asked for suggestions or opinion. I’m trying to tell something which is irrelevant and later after some, I'm coming to understand what they are expecting, and I could provide them the answer they are expecting, or what was the truth about the situation. The first reason I could see is that the environment is new. And I’m not aware what the meeting is about and what is the outcome, and for what purpose they are talking. I’m struggling to understand this, and by the time, the flow of conversion is lost and I don’t know what to say and I’m blank. Fine. So I was walking the street after all. The call was short, but got backlash. And since tomorrow is a bank holiday, people were rushing to complete the task, and the signoff still didn’t finish post 6:30. Arun updated and left for the day. Myself and Alisha got struck. I was telling them that the issue is already there in prod, and can move it to prod and stuff, but they want to get confirmation from a genuine source. Yes, I’m an outsider to them. But I’m not caring that much. So it was like that. And later in the afternoon, the SIT was completed. But still, no one was sure what to do next. I didn't indulge much, that I was watching and alisha was supposed to lead this, as she was expecting the popup issue to be resolved and get it done for August 27th release, and for that we were making all the branch ready, however, at the evening, it was slightly started to doubtful that the application’s user testing was not yet done, and no one was following up an finally alisha was looping shruti and she brought in a user and it was proceed and the user found issue, for that is where, I found that I lost the listening capacity and so on. And some timeline before the afternoon, it was responsive and I was working on some of the mobile view layout and style fixes. It remains me of the mangalore days where there was a ask to completely concert an application into a responsive design, and myself and Aji Paul from on-site, that is america, were working on them, and It gave me a good name, but I spoil it within few days, when unni reached out to me, to seek some help in the responsive solution. I didn’t answer him properly. They might have thought I was intentionally avoiding the solution, but the thing is first I don’t know the solution and second, I really don’t know the solution to it. I still remember, I was checking out the campus for a tea break, and this call happened, and ended within a minute. And Yesterday was also, I was talking to my wife, that Aji, who was of ECE background, who was planning to settled there at America, but his visa wasn’t allowed to extended, pointing to his educational background, and stuff and no matter what, living in mother land is something can’t be felt anywhere else in the world. Those who hate the mother and stuff, can go freely and live anywhere in this world, but we have to see, wherever we are, we should be able to love our mother and stuff. Anyway, those were the conversations I had with my wife, and soon it was cut, as there was a delivery at the door. Coming to today, later in the morning, I was working on the responsive, and it remaining of mangalore days, and how cool it was to spend a quality two years there, without knowing the language, yet survived a few days using sign language too. Something I liked is they way the localite has their style, the bus conductor’s style in returning the ticket and the currencies, and the kudla style food, netravathi river bride, where one can visit the railway bridge and witness the river that joins the arabian see, and the sync is between you and the sun in the evening, witnessing such a beauty. It was a naturalistic little town, and I explored many western ghats, and kudremukh, kuramaparvatha and stuff. I met two Telugu colleagues there. They hated me. I do too. And I was a lonely fella, and people didn't care. I think no one liked me there. And I was in sync with one Sathyamangalam guy and one Kannur guy. Both are gems. Don’t know what they are doing now. May god bless them. Coming back to today, I don’t want to go back to Mangalore again. Now, the day was like that. Chaos. Didn’t go in a way, I thought, but that is how days are, it won’t go in a way it was supposed to be. And in the evening, I went to Ghouse, and on the way, I was listening to the street, and capturing those in the medium of words as below.  

Phone  
Aap ka naam polo  
Jelthe tk  
Chai kithne rupee  
Bhaiya do chai  
Saa sow  
Wassim bhaiya  
Kaankamari nilu  
Bite ka ustho  
Mothum  
Oh ave he he he he  
Chepu gana  
Anyway I will be staying there only.  
Relax relax relax  
Vaadu  
Today date 23 ah ?  
Auto auto auto anna anna anna naa  

I just typed what I heard. I miss Tamil nadu. I miss hearing people talking in Tamil. I want to listen and capture, and feel how good it is to hear the mother language. This, for some, can’t love the mother, of any place or language. The mother is one, and you have to seek and settle there.  

And who knows, AI can imitate anyone, and a 3D model can come out of your screen and shock you some day.  

Why is it always oil ? If you don’t have anything to do, bring the oil. Make the world look at you. Show how super power you are. And keep a country to kick and beat. Shake hands, smile yet be an enemy to the world. Don’t kill, but keep frightened by threatening. If rowdies showcase their swords, it is a crime. If a country showcases their nuclear weapon, it is a proud moment. Where is Republic day? Get this weapon done before independence day. Should independence day be celebrated ? Is mankind born slaves, and get independent and celebrated ? It is a phase. The war victims were once slaves, yet they bounced back, ruled the country and made the people proud of it. They were not celebrating independence. It is a victory we should celebrate. Both are having major differences in the mindset and the first will still keep the people as slaves, and latter keep them one among the other, a kingly place. Where is the leader ? Is he roaming the nation ? Let him and where is the leader again ?   

If not, then move with the trade.  

Again, whatever the war may be, be it killing people, be it oil or trade, or import or export or anything, the impact is only on the poor.   

You don’t say, from whom we should buy the oil.  
